Update Readme to inform users to clone with HTTPS (#670)
Microsoft/VFSForGit: Readme.md

  * Your repo must not enable any clean/smudge filters
  * Your repo must have a `.gitattributes` file in the root that includes the line `* -text`
* `gvfs clone <URL of repo you just created>`

>   * Please specify the URL of **Clone with HTTPS**, not **Clone with SSH**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Please choose the **Clone with HTTPS** option in the `Clone Repository` dialog in Azure Repos, not **Clone with SSH**.
```
